docs: how-arbitrum-works-reorg (#1866)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-orbit-chain/concepts/custom-gas-token-sdk.md

2. **Erc20Bridger Context:**
   - **APIs:** `getApproveGasTokenRequest` and `approveGasToken`.

>    - **Purpose:** In the scenario of bridging ERC20 assets to an Orbit chain, these APIs play a crucial role. Token Bridging on Arbitrum Nitro stack uses Retryable tickets and needs specific amount of fees to be paid for creation and redemption of the ticket. For more information about retryable tickets please take a look at [this](/how-arbitrum-works/10-l1-to-l2-messaging.mdx#retryable-tickets) part of our docs. The Orbit chain operates as a custom gas token network, necessitating the payment of fees in native tokens for the creation of retryable tickets and their redemption on the Orbit chain. To cover the submission and execution fees associated with retryable tickets on the Orbit chain, an adequate amount of native tokens must be approved and allocated on the parent chain to cover the fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Purpose:** In the scenario of bridging ERC20 assets to an Orbit chain, these APIs play a crucial role. Token Bridging on Arbitrum Nitro stack uses retryable tickets and needs a specific fee to be paid for the creation and redemption of the ticket. For more information about retryable tickets, please take a look at [our chapter about retryable tickets](/how-arbitrum-works/10-l1-to-l2-messaging.mdx#retryable-tickets) part of our docs. The Orbit chain operates as a custom gas token network, necessitating the payment of fees in native tokens for the creation of retryable tickets and their redemption on the Orbit chain. To cover the submission and execution fees associated with retryable tickets on the Orbit chain, an adequate number of native tokens must be approved and allocated to the parent chain to cover the fees.
```
